I first team to meet standards. This is one of the times when it's gonna
depend on the situation. Tell you that one team that I had to leave
was on that ship sailed. George here's actually fired What I was
saying. So at that point, the team is gonna have to do it my way. My
way is by the book. My way was to get help in and make sure that we
were using the mobile training teams eyes who carried out the exercises,
any equipment to speed. Make sure that we understood technology
and carry out drills on time. That was a long slog. It was a very
long fight to do that. I can tell you that at the end of the day should
earn the engineer. He learned that 12 years, Ali. The only trophy
that was in the days when only one ship this water was a fleet of
ships. So does depend on the situation. If you're more than a situation
where teams right. You have a copy on just past Raftery. Everything's
great. They built with Sanders. Just stay up on that Raiders ej,
stay tight. Stay sharp, Okay? Don't slack off